README.md, before:

# aws-gamelift-sample

This repository contains a sample game project using Amazon GameLift and AWS services including DynamoDB, Lambda, SQS, S3, EC2, ElastiCache and API-Gateway. This is a simple board game called [Gomoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gomoku), but technically and functionally identical to a real-time session-based online game.

![Gomoku](web/gomoku.png)

- For Infra/System engineers, this project shows how to build a session-based online game directly on AWS. It also demonstrates the benefits of AWS managed services such as GameLift.
- For game developers, this project provides architecture best practice and implementations of the most similar form to the actual session-based online game service. So they can leverage this asset to implement their own session-based online game on AWS.

## Sample Game Architecture

![Architecture Overview](web/gomoku_arch.png)

## Deployment

- Play and Deployment guide [here](deployment/deployment.md)

## Serverless version with FlexMatch

- Functionally identical, but re-implemented in a Serverless way using FlexMatch can be found in [here](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-gamelift-sample/tree/FlexMatch)

## Future Work

- Developing a Hands-on Technical Workshop to demonstrate the use of Amazon GameLift with AWS managed components for game services.
- Developing a CloudFormation template for a one-click deployment
- Adding additional features of GameLift including FleetIQ, IAM role supports.

## For further questions/ assistances

- Please contact korea-gaming-sa@amazon.com for any comment/ requests regarding this content.

Commit message:

Updated GameLift HoL - FleetIQ included (#4)
* *fixed: GameLift Server SDK to 3.1.7

* *impl: serverless matchmaking first step.

* *impl: Get player score from onStartGameSession callback

* *impl: Client use FlexMatch

* *removed: MatchMaker Server Project

* *added: Lambdas for matchmaking logic

* *typo

* *fixed: comments

* *fixed: tab to spaces

* *fixed: deployment guide for a FlexMatch version

* *fixed: minor document changes

* *typo

* *removed: nuget dependancy for vs120

* Update README.md

* pdf documentation

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* [dev] modify sqs trigger lambda logic

* [dev] Include Binary & handler -> lambda_handler

* Update Readme.md

add Game Client runtime env guide

* [dev] upload multiclients + 2ruleset

* [dev] Rank-Scoring bug fix + web cors issue solved

* [dev] Game Server Build + updated API => Need Test in temporary server build

* [dev] Upgrade GameLift Server SDK 3.4.0

* [dev] upload new version bin

* [dev] change NewServer config.ini CRLF

* GameLift HoL SDK modernize + bug fix + Binary update

* CloudFormation Commit

* CloudFormation Stack YAML

* FleetIQ Fiesta initial commit

* Remove API GW from - CloudFormation

* sync change

* two binary - classic & flexmatch

* classic 추가

* Push Ruleset tested

* [FleetIQ] Server-Client Script completion

* CloudFormation Template - include Lambda + API GW

* organize document

Co-authored-by: zeliard <spacesun@naver.com>
Co-authored-by: Simon Koo <cyberjam@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Byungsu Kim <metamorp@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: jinspark <jinspark@amazon.com>

README.md, after:


# aws-gamelift-sample (with FlexMatch)
This repository contains a sample game project using Amazon GameLift and AWS serverless services including DynamoDB, Lambda, SQS, S3, and so on. This is a simple board game called [Gomoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gomoku), but technically and functionally identical to a real-time session-based online game. 

This repository contains a sample game project using Amazon GameLift and AWS services including DynamoDB, Lambda, SQS, S3, EC2, ElastiCache and API-Gateway. This is a simple board game called [Gomoku](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gomoku), but technically and functionally identical to a real-time session-based online game.

![Gomoku](web/gomoku.png)

- For Infra/System engineers, this project shows how to build a session-based online game directly on AWS. It also demonstrates the benefits of AWS managed services such as GameLift.
- For game developers, this project provides architecture best practice and implementations of the most similar form to the actual session-based online game service. So they can leverage this asset to implement their own session-based online game on AWS.

# CloudFormation
This repository includes CloudFormation for deployment automation. You can start it easily with guide below.ß

# FleetIQ sample
This repository contains Python based simple TCP sample using FleetIQ.
Since FleetIQ is on Preview stage, this repository will be updated continously.


## Sample Game Architecture

![Architecture Overview](web/gomoku_arch.png)

## Deployment
- Play and Deployment guide [here](deployment/deployment.md)

## Sample Game Architecture (Serverless with FlexMatch)
![Architecture Overview](web/gomoku_arch.png)

## Deployment
 - Play and Deployment guide 
     - Korean version [here](http://gamelift-workshop.s3-website.ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/ko/)
     - English version [here](http://gamelift-workshop.s3-website.ap-northeast-2.amazonaws.com/en/)
 - Game Client Run guide
     - MS C++ Redistributable package (https://www.microsoft.com/ko-kr/download/details.aspx?id=48145)

## Future Work
 - Developing a Hands-on Technical Workshop to demonstrate the use of Amazon GameLift with AWS managed components for game services.
 - Developing Demo environment based on Cloud9 IDE.
 - Update FleetIQ demo continously.
 - Developing multi-region game support feature.

## For further questions/ assistances
- Please contact korea-gaming-sa@amazon.com for any comment/ requests regarding this content.
